# Dice
Working on making a dice rolling game

5/9.. Making decent progress in getting the framework of the project set up. No issues with creating the dice and pips. No issue with the random number generator for rolling the dice. Now I need to figure out how to get each die to show the correct number of pips. I need to figure out how to add and remove pips as necessary. Maybe have all pips available for each die and hide/show the necessary pips to reflect the number rolled. 
    Pips are all added. Need to figure out how to show/hide each pip as needed. That will be controlled through javascript somehow and will reflect the number rolled. If the number is a 4 I need to "hide" the pips in grid locations c, d, and e. 

5/10.. Attempted to line items up to bottom of the page. Trying to figure out how to target individual pip on individual dice so I can adjust which ones are showing. Added id's to each die to target them individually, now to find each pip. Figured out how to make individual pips transparent. Need to class each necessary pip for each number and set them up to toggle.
    Id'd all pips.
    While looking at how to create a rolling effect I stumbled upon a great tutorial that actually does exactly what I'm looking for. Unfortunately that means starting from scratch. I found it before I got too terribly far in the code. 
5/10.. Restarted project following/learning from a tutorial. When I finish the tutorial and understand how everything works I will begin working on being able to select and keep dice. Roll the remaining dice and work on a scoring system.
    Excited that the tutorial is teaching css variables, I feel like I was midly aware of them, but have never used them before. For possible future reference or for credit to the creator the video name is "How to Create a Dice Roll Game using HTML CSS & JavaScript" by user "dcode" I will probably be checking this channel out for more, this creator is great with explenations.

5/13.. Was having an issue with the roll button adding 6 dice every time. Figured out that I wrote innerHtml. I needed innerHTML. Dice rolling is now working. Now I am on my own with trying to figure out how to set up scoring. The tutorial also had a nice rolling animation but I think because the "animation" is actually calling the randomzeDice function over and over it would make the scoring impossible. Unless I can figure out a what to only score after the roll has completed. Maybe set the scoring function to a delay and let it run after the animation. I need to figure out the scoring first.
    Got basic scoring of 5's and 1's to work. It adds them to "score" need to figure out how to get it to catch 3 of a kind and other more complicated scoring. 